feat(sdk): SDK Backward Compatibility support via Hosted Bundle (#60554)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/sdk/dashboards.md

Use this hook if you'd like to have total control over the UI and settings.

> _Note_: until the Embedding SDK is fully loaded and initialized, the hook returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until the Embedded analytics SDK is fully loaded and initialized, the hook returns `null`.
```
